{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \'93If we\'92re not alone on this rock then we\'92re the aliens here, Brew. You get that right?\'94\
\
\'93Semantics,\'94 he says, frowning at you. \'93You\'92d try and talk your own kid into not being born. If you had a gal to knock up, that is.\'94\
\
That was a low blow. As leader of this colony, you can\'92t afford be distracted by romantic dalliances and Brewster knows it. Celibacy is part of the job you signed up for. Plus, it\'92s not like he could ever attract a sighted mate himself.\
\
\'93Why don\'92t you take me out there and introduce me to these new friends of yours.\'94 \
\
Brewster bends over and rests a hand on one knee. He holds up a gloved forefinger, stalling the conversation as he pants into his suit mic. \
\
As he huffs and puffs your keen eye takes in the sad state of Rover 3. All the rovers are meant to be interchangeable. Regardless, everyone (including you) calls this one the \'93Life Sciences Rover\'94 and refuses to touch it with a ten foot dome strut. It\'92s plastered with a disgusting mixture of regolith, excrement from the waste processing facility, and slime from the greenhouse filters.\
\
\'93Come on, Brew. Get hold of yourself,\'94 you implore.\
\

\b > {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://14FECC50-DC64-40C3-B123-C188931B1BC5"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Ramrod Bill into the rover}}\
> {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://D18B7638-DCC7-48F2-AB75-0688A47FC453"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dump him into the stockade until you can go pee and figure out what to do with him}}}