{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 Just as you enter the Rover Bay, Rover Three rolls silently in from the surface, coming to a perfect, auto-piloted stop at its charging station. The bay doors clang shut and Bill Brewster, the colony\'92s life sciences officer, hops down from the cab, struggling with his ill-fitting suit. You are reminded of that old saw about packing 50 pounds of manure into a 10 pound bag.\
\
\'93They\'92re real,\'94 Brewster shouts over his suit-to-suit radio. His eyes are wild. Light from his helmet\'92s HUD glint off the beads of sweat dotting his forehead. \'93Aliens! Honest to god aliens, Chip. They exist!\'94\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 > 
\f0\b0 Try and talk some sense to him.\

\f1\b > 
\f0\b0 Ask him to tell you about them.\

\f1\b >
\f0\b0  Ask him to show you.\
\

\f1\b Talk Sense
\f0\b0 \
He looks like a man with a serious case of the space willies. More likely, you think, he\'92s had a little too much of that Martian Hydro he grows in some unknown location.\
\
You chin your suit-to-suit mic and walk toward him. \'93Listen, man. This place gets to everyone sooner or later. But if this is your way of trying to get a spot back to Earth on the return leg of the next supply run, you\'92re gonna have to come up with something a tad more believable.\'94\
\
Brewster takes a step backward, shaking his head and stamping a boot angrily. \'93I know what I saw, Chip. I know\'85\'94 He raises one gloved hand to his heaving chest. Little puffs of C02 vent from his helmet. He drops to his knees then crumples softly to the floor in the light gravity.\
\

\f1\b >
\f0\b0  Drag Brewster into the airlock and call for medical assistance.\

\f1\b >
\f0\b0  Climb into the Rover\'92s cab and review the travel logs.\
\

\f1\b Tell me
\f0\b0 \
\'93Aliens, huh?\'94 You chuckle, goading him. \'93What did they look like? Did they have tentacles?\'94\
\
Brewster hangs his head, as far as helmet will let him. A drop of sweat plops onto the faceplate. \'93I didn\'92t\'85\'94 he starts then stops. \'93I don\'92t know. I only saw\'85\'94 \
\
He holds up one hand, and you can hear him huffing and puffing. Despite the circulators in his helmet, his faceplate begins to fog. \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 >
\f0\b0  Try and talk some sense to him.\

\f1\b >
\f0\b0  Ask him to show you.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 Show me\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b0 \cf2 \'93If we\'92re not alone on this rock then we\'92re the aliens here, Brew. You get that right?\'94\
\
\'93Semantics,\'94 he says, frowning at you. \'93You could talk your own kid into not being born. If you had a gal to knock up, that is.\'94\
\
That was a low blow. As leader of this colony, you can\'92t afford be distracted by female dalliances and Brewster knows it. And it\'92s not like he could ever attract one himself.\
\
\'93Why don\'92t you take me out there and introduce me to these new friends of yours.\'94 \
}