{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 You laugh. \'93If we weren\'92t alone on this rock \'97 which we are \'97 then 
\i we\'92d
\i0  be the aliens here, Lonnie. You realize that, right?\'94\
\
\'93You\'92d try and talk your own kid out of being born,\'94 he says, genuinely angry at you. \'93If you had a gal to knock up, that is.\'94\
\
That was a low blow. As leader of this colony, you can\'92t afford be distracted by romantic dalliances and Iverson knows it. Celibacy is one of the hardest parts of the job you signed up for. Plus, it\'92s not like he could ever attract a sighted mate himself.\
\
You decide to ignore the slight. Adopting a conciliatory tone, you ask, \'93Why don\'92t you take me out there and introduce me to these new friends of yours?\'94 \
\
Iverson bends over and rests a hand on one knee. He holds up a gloved forefinger, stalling the conversation as he pants into his suit mic.\
\
As he huffs and puffs your keen eye takes in the sad state of Rover 3. All the rovers are meant to be interchangeable. Regardless, everyone (including you) calls this one the \'93Life Sciences Rover\'94 and refuses to touch it with a ten foot dome strut. It\'92s plastered with a disgusting mixture of regolith slush from the ice mine, excrement from the waste processing facility, and slime from the greenhouse filters.\
\
\'93Come on, Lonnie,\'94 you implore. \'93Get hold of yourself.\'94 \
\

\b > {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://14FECC50-DC64-40C3-B123-C188931B1BC5"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Ramrod Lonnie into the rover}}.\
> {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://D18B7638-DCC7-48F2-AB75-0688A47FC453"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Dump him into the stockade until you can go pee and figure out what to do with him}}.}