{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red49\green49\blue49;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgray\c0;\cssrgb\c25098\c25098\c25098;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 Even with Mars tugging at a mere third of Earth\'92s pull, moving Lonnie Iverson is as about as easy as wrestling a dead moose onto the hood of a Land Rover. As you attempt to drag him into the airlock, you inadvertently cut open his suit on some loose regolith. The flakes are thin, but can slice like a razor. You hear nothing, but see a dusty plume rise from beneath his right knee.\
\
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 You manage to get his lifeless bulk into the airlock with you and close the hatch. Seconds tick away slowly as the chamber is flushed. High pressure CO2 \'97 which is available in abundance \'97 enters from above, and is sucked out as quickly through the floor grate. With no air to create whorls, sand flows off Lonnie\'92s suit like water.\cf3 \
\cf0 \
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 Iverson\'92s eyes are shut, his face slack. You can see the reflection of his suit\'92s heart rate sensor flashing on his pallid, stubbled cheek. \'93Hang in there, Lonnie,\'94 you say. He might be a thorn in your side, but the colony can\'92t get by without him. At least not until the new recruits arrive. \
\
The panel by the hub door indicates that the particulate matter concentration has dropped to acceptable levels. The chamber begins filling with air.\
\
Finally, the light above the hub door turns green.\
\

\b > {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://145E7BB1-F0E1-4730-8E6A-1F007EE78C24"}}{\fldrslt Call for medical assistance and un-suit}}.}