{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Palatino-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red53\green53\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c27059\c27059\c27059;}
\pard\tx360\tx720\tx1080\tx1440\tx1800\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\fi360\sl264\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Lonnie Iverson looks like a man with a serious case of the space willies. More likely, you think, he\'92s had a little too much of that Martian Hydro he grows in some unknown location. The reason, in fact, that you\'92re hear to meet him. You\'92re going talk him down, find that location, and put an end to it. Schedules have been getting loose around here of late. And work, a little sloppy.\
\
You chin your suit-to-suit mic and walk toward him. \'93Listen, man. This place gets to everyone sooner or later. But if this is your way of trying to wrangle a spot on the return leg of the next transport run, you\'92re gonna have to come up with something a tad more believable.\'94\
\
\'93No.\'94 Taking a step backward, Iverson shakes his head and stamps a boot angrily. \'93I know what I saw, Bill. I know\'85\'94 He raises one gloved hand to his heaving chest. Little puffs of CO2 vent from his helmet. He drops to his knees then crumples softly to the floor in the light gravity.\
\

\b > {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://02269AB4-034F-41B5-82BD-6F9061D88A45"}}{\fldrslt Drag Iverson into the airlock and call for medical assistance}}.\
> {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "scrivlnk://06BA67D0-F2E8-4D11-AA6C-6A3A2548E2D4"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Call for medical assistance, then climb into the Rover\'92s cab and review the travel logs}}.}